Scrub references to Rust toolchain (#779)
ipetkov/crane: CHANGELOG.md

* `cargoNextest` now supports passing `cargoNextestPartitionsExtraArgs` to each
  `cargo nextest` partition run.
* Add self-reference `craneLib` to crane lib instance.

> * Add `removeReferencesToRustToolchainHook`, which optionally scrubs the output 
>   binary of references to the Rust toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `removeReferencesToRustToolchainHook`, which, by default, removes references to
  the Rust toolchain from all installed binaries
  
### Changed
* `buildPackage` now includes `removeReferencesToRustToolchainHook` as a native dependency. To disable
  automatically removing references to the Rust toolchain, set `doNotRemoveReferencesToRustToolchain = true;`
```
